Document: System Requirement Specification Document

Title: System Requirement document for Ticket Booking System

Objective:
	This  Ticket Booking System should provide facility to registered account holders 
	of the  to do all types of traveling, other 
	traveling servies from their digital devices.


Scope: 
	This System allows customers to do online booking Ticket.
	
	Will be available to everyone across the globe 24*7.
       
Functional Requirements:-

- Any user will be able to create new account.

- Any anonymous user will be able to view services which are provided by the Ticket booking system.

- Registered user will be able to view and pay all types of Ticket and will be be able to view Ticket history. 


- Web application will show investment options like share for airline-tickets,bus ticket,train ticket.

- Registered user will be able to enable and disable user account service.


- Registered user will be able to give feedback about all tickrt booking system services.

- Customer care number will be displayed on the homepage.


 Non Functional Requirements :-
1.Safety
	User must provide login credentials before availing the all tickrts booking  services.
	In case if the user is inactive for sometime then redirect to the login page.
	  

2.Security: 
	Website should be protected from outside malicious attacks with firewall configuration.	
	Sensitive details of customers will be encrypted across communication. 
	

3.Availability 
	The ticket booking website should be available 24*7 i.e 99.999%.
	

4.Reliability 
		The system should backup all the data and update the system on time,
                so that during any circustances the system will
                work properly and service will be provided uniformly.


5.Usability  
	The ticket booking website should be easy to handle for everyone.
   	The system should be user friendly and simple to learn.
    	The system must provide graphical interface .
   
   
 6.Maintainability  
 	A Database should be used for maintaining system data.

 
 7.Portability 
               Portable Device Application
               System will provide portable User Interface through users will be able to access ticket booking System.

 
 8.Accessibility  
 	Only account holder customer will be able to do E-Banking after authentication.
	Customer's can able to see the previous transaction details.

 
 9.Efficiency
 	System will be able to manage all ticket booking with isolation.

 
 10.Scalability 
   System will be able to provide consistent user exeprience to account holder.